[Music]
scientific prayer or affirmations of a
harmonious interaction of the conscious
and subconscious levels of mind
scientifically directed for a specific
purpose these affirmations will teach
you the scientific way to tap the realm
of infinite power within you and abling
you to get what you really want in life
you desire a happier fuller and richer
life so begin to use these miracle
working affirmations and smooth your way
in daily affairs solve business problems
and bring harmony and family
relationships begin your day today anew
I am powerful I am loved
[Music]
I am letting go I am accepting of Who I
am
I am safe I am honoring myself and
others
I am confident
I am reading
I am connected to mother
I am worthy
I am magnificence
[Music]
I am loving all that I am
I am creating the life of my dreams
I am loving hole that you are
[Music]
I am a part of the greater whole
I am aligned with my inner power
I am wellness
I am abundance I am appreciative of all
that I have I am happy I am healthy I am
at one with all that is
I am in the flow of life
I am here to grow and expand
I am supportive of life I am a joyous
being of light I am well being
I am gratitude
[Music]
I am all that is I am healing
and peace
[Music]
I am loving
I am honoring my higher self
I am sold
[Music]
I am truth
I am accepting of change
I am lifeforce beyond belief I am light
I am allowing
I am loved by Universal sores
I am here to learn I am co-creating a
universe of magnificence
I am comfortable I am choosing my life
moment by moment I am life itself I am
connected to everything that is I am
grateful
I am powerful
I am loved I am letting go
I am accepting of Who I am I am safe I
am honoring myself and others
I am confident I am freedom I am
connected to Mother Earth
I am worthy
I am magnificent
I am loving all that I am
[Music]
I am creating the life of my dreams I am
loving all that you are I am a part of
the greater whole
I am aligned with my inner power
[Music]
I am wellness I am abundance
I am appreciative of all that I have
[Music]
I am happy
I am healthy I am at one with all that
is I am in the flow of life
[Music]
I am here to grow and expand I am
supportive of life
I am a joyous being of light I am well
being
I am gratitude
[Music]
I am all that is
I am healing
I am peaceful I am loving I am honoring
my higher self
[Music]
I am sold I am truth
I am accepting of change
[Applause]
I am life force beyond belief
[Music]
I am light I am allowing
I am loved by Universal source
[Music]
I am here to learn
I am co-creating a universe of
magnificence
I am comfortable
I am choosing my life moment by moment
[Music]
I am life itself
I am connected to everything that is
I am grateful
I am that I am
[Music]
you